I’m a student from India and want to learn GoLang. I think it will be beneficial for me to get into a good firm as a full time employee. Currently I do not have a job to pay for this course. 
In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such an amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of Coursera courses , which in turn will help me in future . We are a low income family and it becomes a lot difficult to pay for any excess education that will disturb the monthly financial plan. I need this course for my own learning and landing a good job as a backend developer.

I want to take this course as I want to learn GoLang to be able to write web server applications and be a good backend developer. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to a get applied to a job. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help me perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, where I will be able to give back to the community that is helping me achieve my goals. Reviewing peer assignments will help me understand a lot more about the language. 

My family already has a lot of debt for the house we live in. I live in Mumbai which is the most expensive city in terms of real estate rates. My parents are paying it on regular basis. It would make their life even harder to add a new loan over them and disturb the entire plan of repayment. I don't want to pressurize them, but rest assured as I get a job, I will be able to pay for any further courses I do on Coursera. It would be a great help for me to get a good job and help my family if I'm able to get this course.
